Introduction
------------

The GLFW documentation is written in LaTeX, which I have found is a great
tool for handling large and long-lived documents, where clumbsy s.c.
WYSIWYG word processors (especially one from a major moneymaking company)
fails in several aspects (document integrity being a serious Achilles
heel).

Besides being powerful, LaTeX is also very attractive since all the
necessary tools for dealing with LaTeX documentation are both free and
ported to a wide variety of platforms. Another advantage is that the LaTeX
files are written in plain text, which means that version handling systems
such as CVS handle them perfectly, without having to treat the documents
as binary files.

Ok, so much for the LaTeX glory. Now to the GLFW documentation...


The Documents
-------------

There are two main documents:

 glfwrm.tex - The GLFW Reference Manual
 glfwug.tex - The GLFW Users Guide

In addition, there is a common LaTeX style file, which sets up things
such as page formatting and useful macros:

 glfwdoc.sty - Common GLFW document styles and macros


Requirements
------------

Of course you need LaTeX installed on your system in order to compile
the GLFW documentation. The easiest way to get a full LaTeX system is to
download/get the TeXLive CD from http://www.tug.org/texlive/. It has all
the necessary software for Windows, Mac OS X and most popular Unix
flavours (including Linux, FreeBSD, Solaris, IRIX etc).

A number of LaTeX packages have to be installed in order to compile the
GLFW documentation successfully:

 color
 fancyhdr
 hyperref
 lastpage
 listings
 needspace
 textcase
 times
 titling

These packages are all available on the TeXLive CD. Just make sure that
you have checked all these packages when installing TeXLive, or get them
in some other way if you do not have the TeXLive CD.


Build Files
-----------

For convenience, I have created a Makefile that will build PDF documents
from the LaTeX files. It is nothing fancy, but handles things like
up-to-date TOC generation. It can also be used for cleaning up most (all?)
of the files generated by the Makefile, by calling 'make clean' (Unix) or
'make clean-win' (Windows).

Since Windows does not have a portable 'rm -f' counterpart, a special
cleanup batch file was created, which is called 'cleanup.bat' (it is
called when 'make clean-win' is run).



Good luck!

  Marcus


